They put us on the ground and
said, Stay here, don't move.
If you move, you're dead.
And they took all the knives
that we had
said, Don't do anything stupid.
And
meanwhile, your l my my kid,
my, my 11 year old, she started
communicating with the commander,
asking him, why are you doing this?
Why did you kill my sister?
And he said, You're.
Don't worry.
Your sister is with Allah.
She's safe now.
She's with Allah.
Zaki, all this time cannot talk.
He's shocked.
He's not functioning.
Because he saw his kid dead.
And it was just holding his head
and crying.
And I was looking at him.
And, you know,
when you have this impression
of nothing behind it, it was like that.
So he is one of the strongest men I know.
Every time I did something happens.
He's the one that holds the situation.
It
it was
it was painful to see him like that.
And then they said, okay.
You and you.
And they were pointing at something.
And in the movie
he said, you when you get up,
you're coming with us.
And they cuffed his hand with
white stripes and barefooted also,
I think.
And they said,
okay, you're coming with us.
And they took them.
They were in front of the back door.
They asked, whose car is it?
And he said, This is my car.
To us, they said, okay, stay.
Stay on the ground or you will be killed.
We'll shoot you or you be dead.
So we stayed.
We told our husbands.
Listen me, we said.
We said we love you. Don't.
Don't do anything stupid.
Don't be a hero.
Just do what they say, please.
And the kids started yelling.
Don't take him. Do.
Thank you. And?
And they said, No, no, it's okay.
He'll be back. He'll be back.
They promised the kids.
He would be back.
We couldn't do anything.
And he was into, I think,
530 in the afternoon
that that we heard people
talking around us, you know, and we just
looked outside, peeked outside.
Yishai peeked outside and said, there
there's somebody is
walking around the house.
They said,
child, child, which is IDF, IDF.
They're are actually our saviors.
They took us out of the house, actually.
But the kids didn't want to go.
They said, Please,
I don't want anybody else
to be dead in this house.
I don't want
anybody else getting murdered.
The kids didn't want to go.
It took me
20 minutes
outside the kibbutz just to breathe
because I couldn't breathe all the way.
I am shackled on me and yelled near me.
And we went.
We went out like this.
Sorry.
Your 11 year old daughter
and your nine year old son,
as and Taki had already been taken.
Already been kidnaped?
Yeah.
And my son, your daughter.
Was dead and her.
Body was left in the house.
It was left in the house.
I couldn't.
They didn't let us go there.
We asked them to go to see my son,
the terrorists.
They didn't
let me see my, my,
my daughter before I went.
They didn't.
I couldn't.
I couldn't say goodbye.
She stayed there for three days
and her body.
Yes, in a pile of blood,
you know, on the floor.
Your kids, your Elisha, her.
They're okay.
Fine.
Okay.
Look, you tell me.
It's like sanity in insanity.
It's.
It's one day's up and one days down.
They cry, they miss.
They're dead.
They're nine and 11 years old.
Yes. They are.
We buried, man.
A week and a half ago,
they were there,
and it was
I think they had to do it for the closure
because I don't think you understand
at that age death.
I don't think you understand
that your sister is dead without seeing.
And actually, I hope they didn't see
the funeral was some kind of closure
and they missed her.
She painted a picture that he.
Could bury.
With with Marianne in jail was really,
really, you know,
quiet and
and and didn't want to come.
They didn't want to see it.
It was a closed casket, of course,
you can see it.
And they wanted to hug her.
And they wanted
to, you know, just better hair
her curls and hold.
Her hand.
And they couldn't.
Their older sister.
Yes.
And they they admired her.
She was a loving kind.
She was a ray of light.
She was pure, pure good.
Seriously, she was so good.
I don't know. Understand.
How can you kill?
It's like killing a unicorn.
You can never.
Kill a unicorn.
But now we're really united and focused
about bringing Saki's Suzuki home
alive and well.
What do you think?
Is it
Is it hopeful that he will come home?
Yeah, he will come home.
He will come home to us. Yes. He has to.
Alive and well.
Yes, the way he got out.
I hope so.
I know he will.
I'll do anything.
Anything in my power
or everybody's power.
I will use
everybody's power just to bring him and
all of the hostages home.
But him especially.
Yes, he's my husband.
He's my better half.
He's my stronger.
Half. I need him.
He needs to mourn his daughter.
He needs to hug his kids.
He didn't do.
Anything to deserve this.
Nothing peaceful, man.
He just, you know. Lived in the kibbutz.
He was Jewish and lived in the kibbutz.
That's it.
That's the reason.
That's the reason my son was murdered.
Hateful.
Just pure hate.
Pure hate.
Nothing. Nothing more.
She didn't do anything.
What? An 18 year old playing.
Volleyball in love with her, with her.
Boyfriend can do.
What did she do to them?
Nothing.
Just living in the kibbutz.
On the border of Gaza.
That's the problem.
That's. That's her fault.
That's where she was murdered.
Yes, that's was everybody was murdered
because it was a slaughter.
They killed women and children.
They have a nine month
old baby out there.
How can you take what did he do to you?
What what did he do to you?
Nothing. Is he a soldier?
What did he do to you?
They have grandmothers,
85 year old Alma, which is my neighbor.
She's sick.
She needed medicine.
They took 15 year old Dafna
and 80 year old Ella.
They killed her father and her
her almost stepmother and step brother.
They shot him in the back.
How do you do it? Why?
And they did nothing.
They weren't armed.
They weren't did nothing.
Nothing
purely hate.
There was that what happened?
It's it's
and we
know that the death cannot be.
We had it a long time ago.
We said never again.
And it did happen.
It did.
So I'm asking everybody,
everybody, everybody in the world,
in the US, everybody that can help
stop this hatred, stop
this crimes, Bring bring them home.
Bring the hostage home, please.
Your beautiful 18 year old daughter, My.
That's my son.
As we say, Zichron Olive Raha,
May her memory be a blessing.
And this is chuckling.
I'm sorry.
Let's hope that sorry.
49 year old dad, a father
that's been kidnaped
being held in Gaza by Hamas,
let's hope he comes home soon. Yes.
When they
when he comes home, let me know.
I'd like to come meet him. Okay.
I will. I will.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Okay.